So let me ask you about dependence.
Suppose we flip two coins.
Our first coin is a fair coin.
And we're going to denote
the outcome by X1.
The chance of X1 coming
up heads is half.
But now we branch into picking
a coin based on the first outcome.
So if the first outcome was heads,
then you pick a coin with probability of
coming up heads, it's going to be 0.9.
The way I wrote this is by
conditional probability,
the probability of the second coin
flip coming up heads, provided that,
or given that, X1,
the first coin flip was heads, is 0.9.
Now, the first coin flip
might also come up tails,
in which case I pick
a very different coin.
In this case, if I pick a coin,
which, with 0.1 probability, will
once again give me tails conditioned
on the first coin flip coming up tails.
So my question for
you is what's the probability of
the second coin flip coming up heads?
[BLANK_AUDIO]